[12.x] Add documentation for higher order static calls on collections (#10478)
laravel/docs: collections.md

return $users->sum->votes;
```

<a name="higher-order-static-calls"></a>
## Higher Order Static Calls

> Collections also provide support for "higher order static calls", which are short-cuts for calling static methods elegantly if you’re storing class names in collections.

Reviewer: You probably want to use an actual apostrophe here 😉
```suggestion
Collections also provide support for "higher order static calls", which are short-cuts for calling static methods elegantly if you're storing class names in collections.
```

Author: I am not sure, but we do not use `you’re` we use `you're` across the whole docs see:
- https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Alaravel%2Fdocs+%22you%27re%22&type=code
- https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Alaravel%2Fdocs+%22you%E2%80%99re%22&type=code

Reviewer: But **you're** not.

That's what I meant 😉

> Collections also provide support for "higher order static calls", which are short-cuts for calling static methods elegantly if you’re storing class names in collections.

Reviewer: Not sure if "shortcut" isn't the more common version 🤔 but I'm not a native speaker, so 🤷🏻‍♂️  
```suggestion
Collections also provide support for "higher order static calls", which are shortcuts for calling static methods elegantly if you’re storing class names in collections.
```

Author: I used the same tone that we used in the section above that one, see: [Higher Order Messages](https://laravel.com/docs/12.x/collections#higher-order-messages)

Author: In dusk docs we used both `shortcuts` and `short-cuts`, so I will open a PR to unify that across the docks.

Thank you for this.
